                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Strings

When something is put in double quotes (" ") it is called a String.
e.g: var greeting = "Hello Sam";

We can store strings in Variables. 
e.g: The sequence

var verb= "play";
Console.Write (verb); 

would result in "play" appearing in the console. 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Adding Strings

There are a myriad of options that was have for strings, for example, we can add them together using the + sign.

e.g: 
var verb = "play";
Console.Writeline ("We Are" + verb + "ing");

The code written above would output: We Are playing 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Numbers

Values can also be numbers. Unlike strings, they do NOT have quotes around them. e.g: 1, NOT "1" 

We can add numbers together like strings, but the result that we get is different!

e.g: 

var number = 1 + 1;
Console.Writeline  (number); 

The code written above would output: 2

We can perform other arithmetic operations as well. 

eg:

var number = 2 - 2;
Console.Writeline (number);

The code written above would output: 0

var number = 5 * 3;
Console.Writeline (number);

The code written above would output: 15

Finally, we can divide numbers as well, but the results are interesting...

e.g:

var number = 10 / 3;
Console.Writeline (number);

The code written above would output: 3 ??

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Integers

Numbers without a decimal point are Integers. No matter if we perform any arithmetic operations on them, the result will always be an integer. 

e.g: 15

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Doubles

Numbers with a decimal point are Doubles. 

e.g: var pi = 3.1415; 

To get a double from an arithmetic operation, at least one of the numbers needs to be a double. 

e.g: var number = 10.0 / 3
Console.Writeline (number)

The code written above would output: 3.33333333 (That's more like it!)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Strings and Numbers

When adding values together, we must make sure that they are EITHER STRINGS OR NUMBERS. They cannot be used in the same sequence together. 

e.g: 

var sentence: "We are a family of" + "5";
Console.Writeline  (sentence); 

The code written above would output: We are a family of 5

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Game System!

With the knowledge of numbers and strings above, we're able to create a scoring system for our game!

var coins = 10;
var coinValue = 6.0;

var score = coins * coinValue;
Console.Writeline (score);

The code written above would output: 60 

This would give us 60 points in our game if 6 coins are obtained! 
